# Part 1 - Synopsis 
During my reading of the third chapter of The Age of Surveillance Capitalism, what I found interesting is the aspect of fortune-telling and the prediction (or manipulation) of one's behavior/ desire to purchase. There is an interesting contrast in the usually known pseudoscience of fortunes-telling and the one of google that uses data pattern science with computers instead of intuition, connection and communication with a real person. I would put forward in my 10 page website an oracle that would claim to know what the user really wants, acting like the product of google. The results of the want (output) would act like the marketspaces by showing the most probable one. Following Carl Yung's 12 archetype of personalities divided in 4 quadrants often used in advertising (:
    - Freedom: explorer, outlaw, jester
    - Social: lover, caregiver, everyman
    - Order: innocent, ruler, sage
    - Ego: magician, hero, creator ) 
I would create corresponding exagerated purchasable desire. I would like to incorporate symbolism of tarot cards (major arcana especially). The input, would be determined by form a questionnaire answered before hand acting like the "raw material". I would love to replicate the idea of feeling powerless, confused or scared when an website or an application basically put an ultimatum of accepting outrageous conditions of privacy exploitation (or making it impossible to say "no" to it). I love the idea of integrating obvious euphemism. The point of the website is to highlight in a creative way the process of surveillance capitalism developed by google. I would like critique this process as well with the ultimatum conditions acceptance and also, with the last page (conclusion) which would approach the topic with a different point of vue (mine?). What we need vs want, the root of the problem being capitalist exploitation and the creation of new desire for profit, with a constant sense of urgency and distraction. The only way (?) to counter this manipulation is to understand how the system works, but also to detach ourselves and unlearn from all these advertising archetypes we've all been subjected all our lives and identities we've consciously and unconsciously restrained ourselves to. Integrating counter cultures that values the beauty of the human purpose to only exist instead of competing and comparing humans to provide and prove one's value (with purchases). 